prob-001 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-002 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-003 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-004 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-005 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-006 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-007 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-008 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-009 - simple randomly generated polygon
prob-010 - simple randomly generated polygon

prob-011 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-012 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-013 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-014 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-015 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-016 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-017 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-018 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-019 - random polygon within 30x30 box
prob-020 - random polygon within 30x30 box

prob-021 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-022 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-023 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-024 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-025 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-026 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-027 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-028 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-029 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-030 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-031 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-032 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-033 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-034 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-035 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-036 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-037 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-038 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-039 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-040 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-041 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-042 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-043 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-044 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-045 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-046 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-047 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-048 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-049 - random polygon within 50x50 box
prob-050 - random polygon within 50x50 box